
                                JP Software

             4DOS 4.01 rev A / B ==> rev D Patch Documentation

                             September 30, 1992


Copyright 1988 - 1992, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.  Published
by JP Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02174 USA, (617)
646-3975.


This file explains how to install the 4DOS 4.01 rev D patches for 4DOS.COM.

(NOTE:  These patches upgrade your copy of 4DOS 4.01 to the latest revision
level.  If you have 4DOS version 4.0 or earlier, they will NOT work!  You
must download a different file to upgrade from an earlier version of 4DOS
to version 4.01.)

To use these patches, you must have the PATCH.EXE program uploaded by JP
Software.  This program is in a separate file, PATCH.ZIP or PATCH4D.ZIP
(depending on your download source).  Instructions for running the PATCH
program are in the file PATCH.DOC which is distributed with PATCH.EXE. 
PATCH.EXE should be in the same directory as the files to be patched, or in
a directory on your PATH.

Before using these patches, you must determine the revision level of your
copy of 4DOS.  To do so, use the 4DOS command:

      VER /R
   
and find the "4DOS revision level" in the output.  In most cases you will
probably find that you have revision B.

There are two patch files:

      PAT401B.RTP    Updates 4DOS 4.01 to revision level B from level A
      PAT401D.RTP    Updates 4DOS 4.01 to revision level D from level B
                     (there is no revision level C of 4DOS)

You should apply the appropriate patch files, in sequence, for the revision
of 4DOS you are currently running:

      If you are running      Then apply patch files in this order
      ------------------      ------------------------------------
      revision A              PAT401B then PAT401D
      revision B              PAT401D only
      
The patch files modify 4DOS.COM only.  Branding (name and serial number)
information in your original 4DOS.COM file will be preserved in the
modified file.

To apply a patch, copy the corresponding .RTP file to the directory where 
4DOS.COM is stored.  Then change to that directory, and enter the command:

      patch <patch file name>

where <patch file name> is PAT401B or PAT401D.  

[Some of our documentation for PATCH.EXE shows a period between the program
name (PATCH) and the patch file name, for example:

      patch . pat401d
      
This period may be used but is not required.]

If you have OS/2, you can run PATCH.EXE in either a DOS session or an an
OS/2 session.


The revision D patches fix the minor bugs and anomalies in 4DOS 4.01 which
are listed below.  These problems are small and have not affected most
users.

  Revision B:

     * Descriptions were not always properly deleted when a file was
       deleted.

     * If two copies of 4DOS were started on top of each other in an OS/2
       DOS session (eg START 4DOS from a 4OS2 prompt, which runs one copy
       of 4DOS to start the session and another as the application to run)
       the session would not change the title properly when running an
       external program.

     * 4DOS did not terminate properly when it reached the end of a
       redirected input file (eg 4DOS < cmdlist).


  Revision D (changes affecting both 4DOS and 4OS2):

     * Key reassignments did not work properly for a few non-ASCII keys.

     * F3 left incorrect characters on the command line when the new
       line was longer than the original line.

     * Leading whitespace on the command line was causing problems with
       command completion.

     * Testing for too many nested environment variables did not always
       work correctly.

     * Netware volume labels longer than 12 characters were not handled
       properly.

     * COLORDIR would not work properly when there were more than 64
       extensions in the COLORDIR setting.

     * %@EVAL returned random values when given invalid expressions like
       %@EVAL[+].  Also %@EVAL was not checking for invalid numbers like
       "1.1.1".

     * The ? command did not allow output redirection.

     * COPY did not work properly when appending very large files.

     * DEL /Q was not returning a proper internal error level.

     * DIR could cause a crash if it ran out of memory during a DIR /S.

     * FOR /A caused conflicts when the FOR invoked a DIR /A.  Also
       conflicts could occur between FOR and SET in rare circumstances.


  Revision D (changes affecting 4DOS only):

     * Occasionally console output would begin to work incorrectly after
       a Ctrl-C or Ctrl-Break.

     * OS/2 2.0 DOS session titles could get "stuck" when a program was
       aborted with Ctrl-C.

     * Redirection to named pipes from an OS/2 DOS session was failing
       due to an OS/2 bug.  It will now work properly.

     * 4DOS was very rarely allowing disk swapping to a drive which did not
       have enough space for the swap file.  

     * CMDLINE was not removed from the environment when a command started
       with an "@".

     * The DVCleanup directive did not work from 4DOS.INI -- it only worked
       when invoked from the command line (with //DVCleanup=Yes).

     * The version number returned by INT 2F / AX=D44D was still set to
       4.0 when it should have been 4.01.

     * Disk free space was reported incorrectly on JOINed drives when
       running DR-DOS.

     * CTTY would not work properly without a SETDOS /L1.  CTTY now
       automatically sets the SETDOS /L1 parameter.

     * The DRAWxxxx commands did not work correctly when drawing a line
       in the rightmost screen position.

