                               JP Software

             4DOS 5.0 rev B ==> 5.0 rev C Patch Documentation

                            December 16, 1993


Copyright 1993, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.  Published by JP
Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02174 USA, (617)
646-3975.  4DOS is a registered trademark of JP Software Inc.


This file explains how to install the 4DOS 5.0 rev C patches.

To use the patch, you must have:

     * JP Software's PATCH.EXE program.  This program is in a separate
     file, PATCH.ZIP on CompuServe, or 4DPATCH.ZIP on bulletin boards
     and the Internet.  [* See note below.]

     * A copy of 4DOS 5.0 rev B.  The simplest way to check your
     revision level is to use the 4DOS VER /R command.  If you find you
     have rev A, download the file 4D50B.ZIP (it should be available
     from the same source as this file) to update rev A to rev B.  Then
     apply these rev C patches to update to rev C.

To use this patch, copy the PAT50BH.RTP and PAT50C.RTP files to the
directory where your 4DOS version 5.0 files are stored. Make sure JP
Software's PATCH.EXE is in the same directory, or in a directory on your
PATH, then enter the commands:

      patch pat50bh
      patch pat50c

The first patch (PAT50BH) adds a minor update to 4DOS.HLP which was
issued on December 2, 1993.  If your help file is already dated 12-02-93
you can skip this step and just apply the second patch.  If you aren't
sure, go ahead and apply the first patch -- if the help file is already
patched, the patch program will detect this and will not attempt to
re-patch it.

The second patch converts 4DOS 5.0 rev B to version 5.0 rev C.  It
modifies 4DOS.COM, 4DOS.DOC, 4DOS.HLP, 4HELP.EXE, APPNOTES.DOC,
BATCOMP.EXE, REFMAN.DOC, and UPDAT50.DOC.  If you run the patch in a
directory which does not contain all of these files (for example, many
users do not have the optional ASCII reference manual file, REFMAN.DOC),
then PATCH will report some errors, but the files that are present will
be patched correctly.  If you wish you can copy the missing files to the
patch directory and and re-run the patch; PATCH will detect the files
that were patched the first time, and will not attempt to re-patch them.

Branding (name and serial number) information in your 4DOS.COM file will
be preserved in the modified file.  Any changes you have made to the
help colors with HELPCFG will also be preserved in the modified
4HELP.EXE.  All modified files will show a new date and time
(12-16-93 at 5:00 am).

If you want to test 4DOS.COM to make sure the patch worked, use the
VER /R command.  This command will report "4DOS Revision B" (if the
patch did not work) or "4DOS Revision C" (if it did work).

If you are short on disk space and receive a message that there is not
enough space to perform the patch, you can use a command like this to
reduce the disk space required:

      patch /noundo pat50c

This will make recovery slightly more difficult in the unlikely event of
a power failure or similar problem during the patch process, but will
significantly reduce the disk space required to perform the patch.


[* JP Software's PATCH.EXE is the version 1.10 patch program from the
.RTPatch patch software sold by PocketSoft Inc.  If you have a copy of
PATCH.EXE version 1.10 or later from another company which also uses
.RTPatch to update its software, you can use it with JP Software
patches. However, we recommend that you do NOT use version 2.0 of
PATCH.EXE under OS/2.  When PATCH.EXE 2.0 is used under OS/2 it patches
the files properly, but does not correctly update the dates and times of
the patched files.]


4DSO version 5.0 revision C includes the following changes to version
5.0 revision B:


   General Features:

     * Fixed minor problems with remapping the F8 key.

     * Key mapping now supports Ctrl-Tab.

     * BATCOMP.EXE can now handle read-only source files, will check to
       see if the source file is already compressed, and supports /?.

     * FullINT2E now defaults to YES as the documentation says it will.

     * Wildcards which specify a range of characters in a filename (e.g.
       [abc]*.*) were not working properly if the range was the second
       character of the filename (for example DIR ?[abc]); this has been
       fixed.

     * The maximum filename length has been extended to 127 characters,
       for long include lists.  Also long include lists (over 127
       characters) will now be truncated, and will not hang the system.

     * Ctrl-Enter will now work properly from the history popup window
       when the line wraps on the display.

     * Fixed minor problems with %= and escape characters.


   Variables and Variable Functions:

     * The %?? variable was always returning zero; it now returns the
       documented value.

     * The error level variables (%? and %_?) were being set to 3 when
       an error was trapped by ON ERROR; they now retain the correct
       value.

     * @RANDOM has been improved so it will not return alternating odd
       and even values!


   Commands:

     * DEL /Q will no longer attempt a fast delete if a date, time, or
       size range is specified.

     * DEL /SX and MOVE /S did not always delete subdirectory descriptions
       when removing subdirectories.

     * DESCRIBE can now handle redirected input, and will no longer hang
       if you use an external program to create descriptions over 200
       characters long (however such descriptions will be truncated at
       200 characters).

     * Changed FOR to support the COMMAND.COM syntax:

          for %x in (/abcd) do ...

       which returns "a" the first time and "bcd" the second.

     * Made several minor changes in IF and IFF parsing.

     * Fixed several minor problems in LIST.

     * ON ERROR and ON BREAK will now work properly if no argument is
       given.

     * REM>FILE will now work to create a 0-byte file if it is inside an
       IFF block.

     * DESCRIBE *.* would display the description for the first file for
       each subsequent file; this has been fixed.

     * SCRPUT will be ignored if there is no text to display, it will no
       longer display an error message.

     * SELECT now allows embedded square brackets in a selection field
       delimited by square brackets.

     * A SETDOS /Y1 entered at the prompt is now disabled when running a
       compressed batch file (a SETDOS /Y1 inside the batch file will
       still work).  This prevents SETDOS /Y1 from being used to view a
       compressed batch file.

     * START /WIN3[S][=filename] did not work properly if the
       "=filename" part of the switch was used.


  Help System and Documentation:

     * The "Barnaby diamond" (Wordstar) keys (Ctrl-S, Ctrl-D, etc.) have
       been re-enabled as navigation keys in the help system.

     * Minor typographical errors in the help system and 4DOS.DOC have
       been fixed.

     * Added information on changes in ANSI detection to UPDAT50.DOC,
       with other minor corrections.

     * Added information on SMARTDRV to APPNOTES.DOC, with other minor
       corrections.

     * Modified REFMAN.DOC to remove warnings about DEL /Q and date /
       time / size ranges.

