
                    JP Software Patch Documentation

This patch updates 4DOS as follows:

     Original:      Version 5.51 rev A build 44
     Updated to:    Version 5.51 rev B
     Release date:  10-17-95

This file explains how to install the patch.  To use this patch, you
must have:

     * JP Software's PATCH.EXE program.  PATCH.EXE is distributed in a
       separate file, 4DPATCH.ZIP, and is available on our CompuServe,
       BBS, and Internet sites.  You should be able to find it where you
       found this file.  (* Also see note below regarding other versions
       of PATCH.EXE.)

     * A copy of 4DOS 5.51 rev A build 44.  The simplest way to check
       your revision level is to use the VER /R command.

If VER /R shows that you currently have 4DOS 5.51 rev A build 43 (rather
than build 44), download the file 4DOS551A.ZIP.  This is a patch file
which updates build 43 to build 44.  Apply that patch first, then apply
this one.  You can NOT apply this patch directly to build 43, you must
update to build 44 first.

To use this patch, copy the 4DOS551B.RTP file to the directory where
your 4DOS version 5.51 files are stored.  Make sure JP Software's
PATCH.EXE is in the same directory, or in a directory on your
PATH, then enter the command:

      patch 4DOS551B


This patch modifies the following files:

          4DOS.COM
          4DOS.HLP
          APPNOTES.DOC
          UPDAT551.DOC
          ORDER.FRM
          ORDERINF.DOC

Any branding (name and serial number) information will be preserved
in the modified files.  If any of the files are missing the patch
program will continue without patching them.

If you want to test 4DOS to make sure the patch worked, restart the
program and then use the VER /R command.

If you are short on disk space and receive a message that there is not
enough space to perform the patch, you can use a command like this to
reduce the disk space required:

      patch /noundo 4DOS551B

This will make recovery slightly more difficult in the unlikely event of
a power failure or similar problem during the patch process, but will
reduce the disk space required to perform the patch.


For a list of changes in this revision see the file UPDAT551.DOC after
the patch is completed.  Any substantial changes in this revision are
included in the body of the file, with the revision letter included to
the left of the relevant paragraphs (e.g.  ==>B for a change made in
revision B).  Minor changes and bug fixes are listed in chronological
order at the end of the UPDAT551.DOC file.  If you do not have a copy
order at the end of the UPDAT551.DOC file.  If you do not have a copy
of UPDAT551.DOC in your original directory, the patch program cannot
update it and you will not be able to view these lists.


(* JP Software's PATCH.EXE is the version 1.10 patch program from the
.RTPatch patch software sold by PocketSoft Inc.  If you have a copy of
PATCH.EXE version 1.10 or later from another company which also uses
.RTPatch to update its software, you can use it with JP Software
patches. However, we recommend that you do NOT use version 2.0 of
PATCH.EXE under OS/2.  When PATCH.EXE 2.0 is used under OS/2 it patches
the files properly, but does not correctly update the dates and times of
the patched files.)


Copyright 1995, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.  Published by JP
Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02174 USA, (617)
646-3975.  4DOS is a registered trademark and 4OS2, Take Command, JP
Software, and all JP Software logos are trademarks of JP Software Inc.

