                              JP Software

      4DOS 5.51 rev A (43) ==> 5.51 rev A (44) Patch Documentation

                            August 28, 1995


Copyright 1995, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.  Published by JP
Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02174 USA, (617)
646-3975.  4DOS is a registered trademark of JP Software Inc.


This file explains how to install the 4DOS 5.51 rev A build 44 patch.

To use the patch, you must have:

     * JP Software's PATCH.EXE program.  This program is in a separate
     file, PATCH.ZIP on CompuServe, or 4DPATCH.ZIP on bulletin boards
     and the Internet.  [* See note below.]

     * A copy of 4DOS 5.51 rev A build 43.  The simplest way to check
     your revision level is to use the 4DOS VER /R command; if you see
     the message "4DOS Revision A (43)" then you can use this patch.

To use this patch, copy the 4DOS551A.RTP file to the directory where your
4DOS version 5.51 files are stored. Make sure JP Software's PATCH.EXE is
in the same directory, or in a directory on your PATH, then enter the
command:

      patch 4dos551a

This patch converts 4DOS 5.51 rev A build 43 to version 5.51 rev A
build 44.  It modifies only 4DOS.COM and 4DOS.HLP, all other files are
unchanged from rev A build 43.  Branding (name and serial number)
information in your 4DOS.COM file will be preserved in the modified
file.

If you want to test 4DOS.COM to make sure the patch worked, restart
4DOS, then use the VER /R command.  This command will report "4DOS
Revision A (43)" (if the patch did not work) or "4DOS Revision A (44)"
(if it did work).

If you are short on disk space and receive a message that there is not
enough space to perform the patch, you can use a command like this to
reduce the disk space required:

      patch /noundo 4dos551a

This will make recovery slightly more difficult in the unlikely event of
a power failure or similar problem during the patch process, but will
reduce the disk space required to perform the patch.


[* JP Software's PATCH.EXE is the version 1.10 patch program from the
.RTPatch patch software sold by PocketSoft Inc.  If you have a copy of
PATCH.EXE version 1.10 or later from another company which also uses
.RTPatch to update its software, you can use it with JP Software
patches. However, we recommend that you do NOT use version 2.0 of
PATCH.EXE under OS/2.  When PATCH.EXE 2.0 is used under OS/2 it patches
the files properly, but does not correctly update the dates and times of
the patched files.]


4DOS version 5.51 rev A build 44 includes the following changes to
version 5.51 rev A build 43:

     * Fixed a problem which prevented 4DOS from finding its own
       directory at startup.

     * Modified the "Setup error 1" message which was displayed
       when 4DOS could not find its own directory to a more
       informative message;  Substituted a short delay after the
       message (interruptible with a keystroke) for the previous
       requirement to "press a key to continue".

     * Updated 4DOS.HLP to reflect the new error message and its
       causes and fixes.

