                               JP Software

             4DOS 5.0 rev C ==> 5.0 rev D Patch Documentation

                             February 8, 1994


Copyright 1994, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.  Published by JP
Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02174 USA, (617)
646-3975.  4DOS is a registered trademark of JP Software Inc.


This file explains how to install the 4DOS 5.0 rev D patches.

To use the patch, you must have:

     * JP Software's PATCH.EXE program.  This program is in a separate
     file, PATCH.ZIP on CompuServe, or 4DPATCH.ZIP on bulletin boards
     and the Internet.  [* See note below.]

     * A copy of 4DOS 5.0 rev C.  The simplest way to check your
     revision level is to use the 4DOS VER /R command.

     If you find you have rev A or rev B, you must download additional
     patch files and sequentially update your current copy of 4DOS to
     rev C before you can apply this latest rev D patch.  To update from
     rev A to rev B you need the patch file 4D50B.ZIP.  To update from
     rev B to rev C you need 4D50C.ZIP.  The older patch files should be
     available from the same place where you got this rev D file.

To use this patch, copy the 4DOS50D.RTP file to the directory where your
4DOS version 5.0 files are stored. Make sure JP Software's PATCH.EXE is
in the same directory, or in a directory on your PATH, then enter the
command:

      patch 4dos50d

This patch converts 4DOS 5.0 rev C to version 5.0 rev D.  It modifies
only 4DOS.COM, all other files are unchanged from rev C. Branding (name
and serial number) information in your 4DOS.COM file will be preserved
in the modified file.

If you want to test 4DOS.COM to make sure the patch worked, restart
4DOS, then use the VER /R command.  This command will report "4DOS
Revision C" (if the patch did not work) or "4DOS Revision D" (if it did
work).

If you are short on disk space and receive a message that there is not
enough space to perform the patch, you can use a command like this to
reduce the disk space required:

      patch /noundo pat50d

This will make recovery slightly more difficult in the unlikely event of
a power failure or similar problem during the patch process, but will
reduce the disk space required to perform the patch.


[* JP Software's PATCH.EXE is the version 1.10 patch program from the
.RTPatch patch software sold by PocketSoft Inc.  If you have a copy of
PATCH.EXE version 1.10 or later from another company which also uses
.RTPatch to update its software, you can use it with JP Software
patches. However, we recommend that you do NOT use version 2.0 of
PATCH.EXE under OS/2.  When PATCH.EXE 2.0 is used under OS/2 it patches
the files properly, but does not correctly update the dates and times of
the patched files.]


4DOS version 5.0 revision D includes the following changes to version
5.0 revision C:

   General Features:

     * Fixed a problem with nested aliases with leading whitespace.

     * 4DOS now checks for an error return on normal output and will
       invoke the ON ERROR command if one has been set up.  This allows
       you to use ON ERROR to catch errors in redirected output from
       internal commands.

     * The /L, /LA, and /LH startup switches now work as documented.

     * Worked around a bug in SHARE which caused trouble when creating
       unique filenames very rapidly, particularly when using multiple
       pipes (e.g. DIR | SORT | LIST /S) on fast systems.

     * Fixed a problem with negative numbers in %@EVAL.

     * Fixed date, time, and size ranges so that you can use environment
       variables inside a range specification.

     * Fixed a problem with using the 4DOS escape character before a
       redirection character.

   Command Changes:

     * BEEP:  Ctrl-C or Ctrl-Break during a beep in a .BTM file will now
       stop both the beep and the batch file.

     * CTTY:  Worked around a bug in SHARE which caused problems in
       opening the device named in the CTTY command.

     * DESCRIBE:  Fixed a problem where DESCRIBE would exit if you hit
       Enter and were describing files with a wildcard file name.

     * DIR:  Fixed a problem with 0-byte DESCRIPT.ION files.

     * DIR and SELECT:  Fixed a problem with displaying file dates after
       2024.

     * DO:  Fixed a problem with DO UNTIL which required two ENDDOs for
       the loop to work.

     * DRAWBOX:  Now accepts SHADOW and ZOOM in either order.

     * GOTO:  Fixed a problem with the /I switch.

     * GLOBAL:  Now checks to see if you've done a QUIT / CANCEL from
       within the GLOBAL command.

     * IF / IFF:  now strip leading whitespace from the IF test
       arguments.

     * LIST:  Fixed a problem with /W and lines of exactly the screen
       width; fixed problems with files over 64K long.

     * LOG:  Eliminated extra white space prior to the text in a "LOG /H
       text" command; changed LOG so it won't try to look for options
       anywhere but at the beginning of the line.

     * MOVE and RENAME:  Now return an error code if no files were moved
       or renamed.

     * SELECT:  Fixed a bug in SELECT /I; also SELECT can now be nested
       in other SELECTs.

     * START:  Fixed a bug in /WIN[3]S=filename.

     * SETDOS:  SETDOS /A2 will now force the %_ANSI variable to 0.

