                               JP Software

             4DOS 5.5 rev A ==> 5.5 rev B Patch Documentation

                            October 19, 1994


Copyright 1994, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.  Published by JP
Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02174 USA, (617)
646-3975.  4DOS is a registered trademark of JP Software Inc.


This file explains how to install the 4DOS 5.5 rev B patch.

To use the patch, you must have:

     * JP Software's PATCH.EXE program.  This program is in a separate
     file, PATCH.ZIP on CompuServe, or 4DPATCH.ZIP on bulletin boards
     and the Internet.  [* See note below.]

     * A copy of 4DOS 5.5 rev A.  The simplest way to check your
     revision level is to use the 4DOS VER /R command.

To use this patch, copy the 4DOS55A.RTP file to the directory where your
4DOS version 5.5 files are stored. Make sure JP Software's PATCH.EXE is
in the same directory, or in a directory on your PATH, then enter the
command:

      patch 4dos55b

This patch converts 4DOS 5.5 rev A to version 5.5 rev B.  It modifies
only 4DOS.COM, all other files are unchanged from rev A.  Branding (name
and serial number) information in your 4DOS.COM file will be preserved
in the modified file.

If you want to test 4DOS.COM to make sure the patch worked, restart
4DOS, then use the VER /R command.  This command will report "4DOS
Revision A" (if the patch did not work) or "4DOS Revision B" (if it did
work).

If you are short on disk space and receive a message that there is not
enough space to perform the patch, you can use a command like this to
reduce the disk space required:

      patch /noundo 4dos55b

This will make recovery slightly more difficult in the unlikely event of
a power failure or similar problem during the patch process, but will
reduce the disk space required to perform the patch.


[* JP Software's PATCH.EXE is the version 1.10 patch program from the
.RTPatch patch software sold by PocketSoft Inc.  If you have a copy of
PATCH.EXE version 1.10 or later from another company which also uses
.RTPatch to update its software, you can use it with JP Software
patches. However, we recommend that you do NOT use version 2.0 of
PATCH.EXE under OS/2.  When PATCH.EXE 2.0 is used under OS/2 it patches
the files properly, but does not correctly update the dates and times of
the patched files.]


4DOS version 5.5 revision B includes the following changes to version
5.5 revision A:

     * Fixed a problem which could cause MOVE to delete files without
       moving them if you attempted to MOVE a file to itself (e.g.
       MOVE *.DAT with no target specified).

