[revised 08-Mar-1999]

       Fact Sheet - "Year 2000 Compliance" in JP Software Products
                  (4DOS, 4OS2, 4NT, and Take Command)


    Please Note:  This page and all previous JP Software Year 2000
    Internet Website pages regarding products and services offered by
    JP Software are "Year 2000 Readiness Disclosures" as defined by
    the Year 2000 Information and Readiness Disclosure Act of 1998,
    (Public Law 105-271, 112 Stat. 2386, a U.S.  statute) enacted on
    October 19, 1998. JP Software's Year 2000 Internet website pages
    have been and will continue to be our primary mechanism for
    communicating year 2000 information.


This statement is designed to answer any questions you may have
regarding Year 2000 Compliance" in our command processor products.
The statements in this document apply to our products 4DOS, 4NT,
4OS2, Take Command/16, Take Command/32, and Take Command for OS/2,
including both the "complete" and (where offered) "runtime" version
of each product.

While the term "Year 2000 Compliance" is not well-defined, this fact
sheet should help to clear up any questions related to date handling
between the 20th and 21st centuries.

The date functions in our products are designed to handle events
occurring during the life of the IBM PC-compatible computer system on
which the product was installed, or a similar predecessor or
successor system.  These dates are typically associated with file
creation, modification, or access, or with short-term processes
related to operation of the computer system, such as the number of
days since a backup or the time remaining until a program should be
started.

Based on this approach, the date-related features of 4DOS, 4NT, 4OS2,
and Take Command typically handle dates between January 1, 1980 and
December 31, 2079.  January 1, 1980 was chosen because it is the
original base date for DOS date calculations.  December 31, 2079 was
chosen to fit dates within one century, allowing the "windowing"
approach described below.  Some functions which accept 4-digit years
may handle additional dates beyond 2079 as well, but this is not
typical.  In general the limits of January 1, 1980 to December 31,
2079 should be assumed to apply to all date-related commands,
functions, and other features.

Most date-related commands and functions can accept either a 2-digit
or 4-digit year as input.  2-digit years between 80 and 99 are
assumed to refer to the years 1980 - 1999; those between 00 and 79
are assumed to refer to the years 2000 - 2079.  References to years
beyond 2079, where allowed, must be entered with 4 digits.  This
technique is called "windowing", because it handles 2-digit dates
differently depending on the window (range) of values they fall into.

Year numbers in output are displayed as either 2-digit values (using
the windowing approach described above), or in some cases as 4-digit
values.

The date functions in JP Software's products are not designed to
handle dates outside the range stated above, and generally will not
do so correctly.  As a result, they cannot be used to process dates
of events which may fall outside that range, such as historical
events, life events (birth, death, etc.), and other dates which may
be part of the data stored or processed on your computer system.

For example, the date functions in our products will correctly
calculate the number of days between two dates within the allowed
range, such as January 11, 1983 and April 5, 2003.  However, they
will display an error message or produce incorrect results when given
dates outside the range, such as calculating the number of days
between January 11, 1973 and April 5, 2003, or the day of the week
for November 17, 2108 or October 5, 1847.

When used in accordance with our product documentation, and with the
above documentation on date processing, to the best of our knowledge
and belief JP Software's products are in compliance with the
provisions of Federal Acquisition Regulation 57-352.227.9003,
entitled "Year 2000 Compliance".

    All statements in this document are subject to the usual
    warranties and disclaimers provided in our end-user license
    agreements.

    Please Note:  JP Software does not provide signed
    "certifications" of product features or behaviors related to
    "Year 2000 compliance".  The entire agreement we make with you as
    an end user of our products is contained in the license agreement
    which came with the product(s) you own, and separate
    certifications are not available for individual product features.

    Copyright 1999, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.  4DOS and
    "Take Command" are registered trademarks of JP Software Inc.
    4OS2, 4NT, "JP Software", jpsoft.com, and all JP Software designs
    and logos are trademarks of JP Software Inc.  4DOS, 4OS2, and 4NT
    are JP Software Inc.'s related trademarks for its family of
    character-mode command processors.
